h1. HarvestData

HarvestData is a console application which fetches data Harvest and stores it in a file in a format prepared for Custom Widgets in Geckoboard. 

HarvestData currently supports the time tracking system "Harvest":http://harvestapp.com.

h2. Installation

Clone the repository
CURL and PHP 5.3 must be installed (5.2 won't cut it!).
You might need to change the #! path in the "HarvestData" file. Use "which php" in order to find the proper path.

h2. Configuration

HarvestData needs to know where and how to access the systems involved. This configuration is handled by a config.yml file. Copy the provided config.sample.yml and update it with account information. If your configuration file is not located in the root directory you can specify the path to the config file using the <code>--config</code> option.

h2. Usage

HarvestData works in the context of one or more Harvest projects identified through their id, full name or code. Projects can be specified in the configuration or using the <code>--harvest-project</code> option. "all", "active" or "project-name" can be used.
Also a time period can be specified using the <code>--date-from</code> and/or <code>--date-to</code> options - use a date in the YYYYMMDD format, or use "yesterday" or similar PHP-parsable dates.
You can also use the <code>--days-back</code> option, requiring an integer.
If no dates are set, the system will use todays date and X days back as defined in the config file.

Run <code>./HarvestData</code> from the command line to show all available commands.

HarvestData currently supports two use cases: 

# *Fetch Entries*: Fetch entries in Harvest
# *Fetch Billable*: Fetch number of billable hours from Harvest in a specified period

